Give a non-normative warning about `synthetic` methods and method bodies. (#649)
jspecify/jspecify: docs/docs/spec.md

[augmented types]. Note, however, that rules for specific cases below take
precedence over the general rule here.

> The rules here should be sufficient for most tools that care about nullness
> information, from build-time nullness checkers to runtime dependency-injection
> tools. However, tools that wish to examine class files in greater detail, such

> > as to rewrite bytecode to insert runtime null checks, may encounter some edge

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> as to insert runtime null checks by rewriting bytecode, may encounter some edge
```
